#summary Battery, power regulation, power distribution, etc

== Battery ==

A three cell (3S1P, 11.1 volts) lithium polymer battery with a 20C discharge rate should be used.

At the time of writing this wiki entry, Hobby King offers a decent [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbycity/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProduct=8579 3S1P 20C 5000mAH battery] for $26.72.

A graph depicting expected flight times is shown on [http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showthread.php?t=768115 this forum thread]. Here is a [http://www.af9y.com/PowerChart.jpg direct image link].

A [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbycity/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProduct=4175 three cell battery monitor] is recommended to prevent damage to a lithium polymer cell if one cell becomes too depleted. It is also recommended that the connector on this particular battery monitor be replaced by a matching connector (5 pin JST-XH) to prevent the user from plugging in the battery backwards. This battery monitor should be mounted on the frame using adhesive-backed velcro.

A three cell balance charger is required to charge the battery pack. 

Remember, using polarized connectors will save you from a lot of headaches and explosions!

== Power Regulation ==

The ESCs are connected to the battery directly, and a 5V output is provided on their control wire. This is used to power the flight controller. The four ESCs should be able to provide enough power for several servos as well.

A 3.3V voltage regulator is required for the IMU sensors.

== Power Distribution ==

The power from the battery needs a wire to be split for each ESC. This is done by a terminal block strip. This is the most durable way since the strip can be bolted to the frame and no soldering or electrical tape is required during construction or repairs.

== Power Switch ==

A SPST switch capable of 20A or more should be adequate. A switch with a screw terminal is preferable due to their durable nature.