#summary How some of the constant and tuning values are calculated

 * 3.3 (reference voltage) / 1024 (max value for 10 bit ADC) = 0.00322265625 volts per ADC unit, 0.67 mV per degree per second (gyroscope sensitivity) = 0.00067 V = 1 degree per second, so thus: 1 ADC unit = 4.80993470149253 degree per second, keep this number in mind

 * Since I want the calculations as accurate as possible, instead of dividing the gyro readings, the angles predicted by the trigonometric functions are multiplied by a constant instead. In the code this is called "trig_factor_constant". This constant is calculated by: gyro_adc_reading `*` delta_time_in_timer0_ticks = accelerometer_predicted_angle `*` x , one single second is equal to 19532.25 timer0 (timer0 runs at the system clock frequency divided by 1024) ticks, so 19532.25 / 4.8099 = 4060.8 . The angle predicted by the accelerometers are already multiplied by 1000 anyways so this constant can just be 4.

 * I'd like the helicopter to not surpass 22.5 degrees in any direction (I don't feel comfortable doing aerobatics yet). So the PPM pulse width is 500 microseconds (10000 clock ticks) away from the center, that value is multiplied by something to equal the angle value multiplied by 4 (trig_factor_constant), so 22500 `*` 4 = 10000 `*` x, x = 9. This value is named  "roll_pitch_ppm_scale".

 * I'd like to limit the yaw spin rate to 180 degrees per second. So 180 / 4.8099 = 37 ADC reading units on the yaw axis gyroscope. This value should be multiplied by a constant to match 500 microseconds (10000 clock ticks), 10000 = 37 `*` x, x = 270. This value is named "yaw_gyro_scale".

 * If the helicopter is at 0 degrees and I command it to go to 22.5 degrees, the error between the current value and target value is 90000 (from 22500 `*` 4). The first roll/pitch PID controller tries to calculate a desired roll or pitch spin rate using the current and desired angle, the P constant for this first PID controller is just 1 (and probably always will be 1). The second PID controller uses the current gyroscope readings as the current value and the output of the first PID controller as the target value, so the gyroscope readings needs to be scaled up by a constant to match the output of the first PID controller. So if the maximum spin rate I want is still 180 degrees per second, 37 `*` x = 90000, x = 2432. This constant is called "roll_pitch_gyro_scale".

 * The maximum expected error for the second roll/pitch PID controller is 90000, and the ESC signal ranges from 1000 microseconds to 2000 microseconds (10000 clock ticks to 30000 clock ticks). Use this info to derive a P constant for this PID controller. 125 microseconds is 2500 clock ticks, 90000 `*` kp = 2500, kp = 0.27 . This value needs to be tuned by test flights. Lower it if the helicopter oscillates, raise it if the helicopter does not compensate for tilt enough.

 * The PID controller for the yaw axis has a maximum expected error of 10000 units, so 10000 `*` kp = 2500, kp = 0.25 is a good starting point.